# hello--world
This is my first repository. So please have mercy.
## So, why do I choose to write programs instead of articles and books? What exactly is it that got me into this mess?
Well, in linguistics, there's this theory called [Speech Act](https://plato.stanford.edu/entries/speech-acts/#Int) (proposed by J.L. Austin) which describes a natural phenomenon where words have power to alter or dictate reality: a speech which weighs in as an action which brought about change to its target (performative). Sounds like magic right? But no, not every speech has that much impact. It is only when the speaker has [authority](https://plato.stanford.edu/entries/speech-acts/#SayMakItSo) in a traditional sense, a position of power, that the speech spoken will act upon the reality. Perforce, it is only a handful few of the priviledged who freely wield this magic. This is where my romanticized view of programming comes in: a creative kid from any part of the world with a laptop and an internet access could also wield a performative speech by writing a software! **It levels the playing field where knowledge and creativity are the proper recipe for authority**. Also, if you really think about it, if natural sciences already seemed magical, then computer science *is* the literalization of magic: 
> Avrakadavra roughly translates to [what you command, I will create](http://www.todayifoundout.com/index.php/2013/11/origin-word-abracadabra/#:~:text=The%20phrase%20%E2%80%9Cavra%20kadavra%E2%80%9D%20does,command%2C%20I%20will%20create%E2%80%9D.). Or, in our case, what you code, you will create.
## Enough with the romanticization. Honestly, these are the things which got me hooked to the magic of ones and zeroes.
Borrowing the term 'micro-motive' from Todd Rose which he defines as [a collection of super-specialized things that make your particular heart sing](https://www.inc.com/julian-hayes-ii/looking-to-discover-your-passion-try-this-simple-unconventional-approach.html), I could safely say that programming satisfies a wide range of my micro-motives:
- Back during my elementary school all the way to middle school, English subject hold a special place in me. I memorized stories and poems and not long after, I realized I have a penchant for words. The way they sound, written, and understood and all the logic, structures, patterns, and abstractions involved. What is a programming language if not a collection of logic, structures, patterns, and abstractions?
- When I was ten, I could remember vividly that I sat for hours tinkering with my play-doh. Using it, my day dreaming routine was projected into reality. Programming suits my propensity for randomly trying stuff to answer a bunch of 'what if' questions, tinkering and breaking things in the process. Computers never get tired of my stupidity and stubborness and I never get fed up to fix bugs so that I could accomplish my random ideas.
-Though my creative impulse demands for randomness, patterns and strucures and procedures can easily capture my full attention. Especially if it's about how something's done and ideas are abstracted. Those three feed me with the feeling of novelty because really, there's some much to learn in this industry. My hunger for knowledge will always be lit!
-My second fav subject througout my academic years: math. Yes, another subject with a heavy emphasis on logic and procedural abstraction. But, math gives me another thing that makes me feel like math has its own special place, problem-solving and puzzles. So of course, I fell in love with programming becuase it is a powerful yet flexible tool for problem-solving.
